Batch Script

```dart
**@ECHO ON
rundll32.exe pnpclean.dll,RunDLL_PnpClean /drivers/maxclean
dism /Online /Cleanup-Image /CheckHealth
dism /Online /Cleanup-Image /ScanHealth
sfc /scannow
dism /Online /Cleanup-Image /RestoreHealth
PAUSE
EXIT**
```

The script is a batch script (a series of commands to be executed in a sequence) written for a Windows operating system. 

1. **`@ECHO ON`**: This command enables the display of each command as it is executed in the command prompt. It's useful for debugging and seeing the progress of the script.
2. **`rundll32.exe pnpclean.dll,RunDLL_PnpClean /drivers/maxclean`**: This command uses the **`rundll32.exe`** utility to run a function from the **`pnpclean.dll`** dynamic link library (DLL). Specifically, it invokes the **`RunDLL_PnpClean`** function with the argument **`/drivers/maxclean`**. This command likely performs some clean-up or maintenance related to drivers.
3. **`dism /Online /Cleanup-Image /CheckHealth`**: This command uses the Deployment Image Service and Management Tool (DISM) to check the health of the Windows image. It performs an online check for issues related to the system image.
4. **`dism /Online /Cleanup-Image /ScanHealth`**: Similar to the previous line, this command uses DISM to scan the health of the Windows image but may perform a more in-depth scan for issues.
5. **`sfc /scannow`**: This command uses the System File Checker (SFC) tool to scan for and repair corrupted or missing system files. It performs a thorough scan of protected system files and attempts to fix any issues it finds.
6. **`dism /Online /Cleanup-Image /RestoreHealth`**: This command uses DISM to attempt to restore the health of the Windows image by repairing any issues it finds. It works in conjunction with the previous DISM commands to repair the system.
7. **`PAUSE`**: This command pauses the script execution, waiting for a key press from the user before continuing. This is often used to give the user a chance to review any output or messages generated by the script.
8. **`EXIT`**: This command exits the batch script, ending its execution.
